Adopt UV in GHA (#629)
koaning/scikit-lego: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> Before working on a large PR, please check with @koaning, @MBrouns or @FBruzzesi that they agree with the direction of the PR. This discussion should take place in a [Github issue](https://github.com/koaning/scikit-lego/issues/new/choose) before working on the PR, unless it's a minor change like spelling in the docs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before working on a large PR, please check with @FBruzzesi or @koaning to confirm that they agree with the direction of the PR. This discussion should take place in a [Github issue](https://github.com/koaning/scikit-lego/issues/new/choose) before working on the PR, unless it's a minor change like spelling in the docs. 
```

# Description

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed. Please also include relevant motivation and context.

Fixes #(issue)

## Type of change

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

## Checklist:

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines (ruff)
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation (also to the readme.md)
- [ ] I have added tests that prove my fix is effective or that my feature works
- [ ] I have added tests to check whether the new feature adheres to the sklearn convention
- [ ] New and existing unit tests pass locally with my changes

> If you feel your PR is ready for a review, ping @koaning, @mbrouns or @FBruzzesi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you feel your PR is ready for a review, ping @FBruzzesi or @koaning.
```
